[Music]
thanks to him
still or something like that you've become a member
half that we were subscribers half
that we were saying goodbye well
family first of all a quick thing
for the people who are watching on youtube
okay we are in this I am I don't know why I
say we were if the account is mine but
we are in tintos joining the entourage
giving it cane the sanse hito also in you
this okay we are going to be able to presence
please everyone who is watching this
video follow me Valentino cool Mariana
threatened
threatened plays in a restaurant
by Mariana is two meters tall I generally
say in texts or more dentists
in tinto we
are going to break the fame Juan
was in some kind of bar
restaurant and they were threatened all
this because they did not want to join a
table where some
drunk people were drinking
boas
first if this reaches the person
involved in this anecdote, let them know
that everything is fine that I understand that he had
many drinks under his belt and nothing on my
part everything is cool calm serenity
and a big hug let's see it turns out
we were in a restaurant we went to a
restaurant after the live show
we were  eating rivers aldo mariana and
I was very calm eating I don't know
what this and that and at the table in
front we began to see a lady who
was a little too drunk when I say
a little too drunk I'm trying to
be a little nice because honestly the
lady was directly was is there so well
basically we saw
that she was like taking pictures with the
waiters literally yelling at the waiters
from an extremely far distance
asking for more chats asking for more drinks
asking for more bottles and we
were well we were hiding the scandal they
were in front of me but they had their
backs to the situation rivers and aldo
we were trying to
hide it but we wanted to see what was going on
the whole restaurant
was watching the show basically
the lady was accompanied by two people
who looked much more
sober than her I think she was the only
person who was drunk so nothing this
lady starts to scream that scream and
mariana made a serious mistake
mariana makes the serious mistake of making
eye contact with the lady makes
eye contact with the lady and that's
when I say worth it bad
as well as
I obviously didn't  I'm going to do it, I'm not
going to join a link's table that I don't
know even if I were sober, I mean, neither
drunk nor sober nor in
any way am I going to join
someone's table. Well, the lady, as she saw that
we, well, told her like no thank you, she
comes over to our table
now it's our table how uncomfortable
car chat. I don't like to make
conversation with strangers, I do
n't like it and even less when it's a
person who is drunk because let's
see if I were drunk I wouldn't
like them to make conversation with me either, you know
because maybe they flirt with me, they see my
face as if I were an idiot, they can take advantage
of me in certain ways, anything I do
n't like making conversation with strangers
and to that we add the fact that
since this lady was drunk, much
less did I want to make conversation with
her.
So it turns out that the lady was from the
US but she spoke Spanish very well.
I think that basically the lady was
born in Mexico and had been
in the US for many years because she has
very good English, she always mixed Spanish
with English but you could tell that I think she
had quite a few roots.  Mexicans and the
lady doesn't start talking to us she
starts making conversation more than Nadal
Mariana telling her like that she
turned to me that I was next to
Mariana and I in my biggest
despair in the middle me in my in me and not
knowing what to do in which I don't want to
talk to someone I don't know I
get the intelligent idea of ​​telling her I don't
speak Spanish in Spanish
the lady laughs her ass off and tells me like you
don't speak Spanish idiot eye I'm not
exaggerating literally I think
my name is pendejo like you don't speak
Spanish idiot
I'm from Russia that I was from Russia
so the lady said to then she tells me to have
spoken and I tell her the truth
literally I do this to her the guava goes
the water like this and she says ah I don't know what
obviously she was drunk then then
go talk to Aldo Aldo tells her no at
borders that idiot Aldo doesn't speak
English and wanted to speak English with a
person who clearly seems to speak
English perfectly then he said
now he's joking and the lady laughed and
everything then
basically he started talking to Aldo  He
said that he ended up talking to them,
you know, I'm not going to say much
personal information because no, he doesn't
go to the place and then he went with Rivers,
Rivers speaks French perfectly, yes,
and Rivers too, I think he thought
a lot like me that, well, the truth
is, he didn't want to be a chat,
Paula says, this is important about ban,
but to choose, from what you
send me, man, it
's that I, from what you send me, man,
the series of thinking is important, important,
we did this about more
country, you are,
be, economy, I don't speak Colombian,
kid, you are from Colombia, stupid, it's
true, it's true, from what part of
Colombia, you are
in
Medellin,
okay, country are you, would it be
Colombia,
what the [ __ ] is the stadium
that votes, [ __ ],
our food was already arriving and all
that, then River arrives there and says
no to Friends, he's from France, and he
starts speaking to him in French, the lady
literally grabs his hand and says,
France, France,
and kisses his hand, up in the air,
because I'll hit you, the micro, not
clear exactly, so
the situation was already a little
uncomfortable, the food was arriving, the
lady didn't continue making small talk, I
wanted to eat genuinely, without  being with
someone yelling in Spanish in English and
the whole restaurant was
watching me, I spoke to a waiter, I go a
lot, I have a very good relationship with the
waiters and I said, hey, come on,
take the table without being rude so
we can eat peacefully,
so they take the lady to the table
but the lady kept insisting that
we get on her table, she kept asking, she
wasn't crazy, she was this, she was
already on Jupiter, she
kept asking for bottles, I don't know
what, and she started yelling at Rivers,
France, France, or France in English
for those who don't speak France,
France, like that, mind you, we were four meters
away, I think we
were just ignoring each other because I think we had
already had a
conversation, there was nothing else to
talk about and the lady
was genuinely very, very drunk, so
basically what we did was ignore us,
continue with our meal and the lady
stopped yelling at us and all that and we
thought, well, it was over in fact, the
lady calmed down a little,
everything was fine, we continued eating
until it was time to pay for
dinner, it was time to pay for
their dinner  so they paid for their dinner and the
lady stands up she stands up she
comes to our table she does it like this on the
chest like this for you point Mariana [ __ ]
you lady points to Aldo [ __ ] you lady
Rivas [ __ ] you
and us to hell well what happened but
genuinely angry very very angry I
think she was angry for two reasons
number one she heard that Rivers and I
spoke Spanish completely well or
number two she was angry because we didn't
join the party mind you she didn't
recognize us at all the lady don't think it was
because she already saw us and no no no no no
no she was a lady who had no
idea who you are so no if she tells us
why why because like that
animal as I was closer to her it was like
this to me on the chest
the truth is I stayed like
the lady leaves
and I'm not going to say what she says next
because it could be dangerous for our
safety because she doesn't know the
people I'm not going to say maybe I'll
tell you later but she didn't make a
threat yes she didn't make a threat
and left we stayed like that
we stayed  From the video we ca
n't do anything the lady leaves in
the restaurant they apologized to us I do
n't know I think probably the
lady or one of the people who was
with her, well in the end this video may reach them so they
know that on our
part everything is fine we understand that well she
was a little drunk
so nothing well man let's see these are anecdotes
that happen these are things that happen
in life
in
fact it's been a long, long time since
I've seen very little I mean I
couldn't consider myself a
drinker I have a drink maybe
special performances but they
can't be weeks months special occasions
and very few times a little drunk at the
end of the year
[Music]